ROX#21163: Update docs for clarity around enforcement and scaling (#74060)
openshift/openshift-docs: modules/policy-criteria.adoc

*Runtime* (when used with a Runtime criterion)

| Replicas

> | The number of deployment replicas. If a user uses `oc scale` to scale the deployment from 0 to a number, then the admission controller will block this action if the deployment violates a policy.

Reviewer: scale the deployment replicas from 0 ...

> | The number of deployment replicas. If you use `oc scale` to scale the deployment replicas from 0 to a number, then the admission controller will block this action if the deployment violates a policy.

Reviewer 2: ```suggestion
| The number of deployment replicas. If you use `oc scale` to scale the deployment replicas from 0 to a number, then the admission controller blocks this action if the deployment violates a policy.
```

Future tense is OK but at the same time it's best to avoid it in case an action does not occur as intended.
